---
layout:	post
title:	"Answer  me and yourself"
date:	2019-12-06 09:45:08
author: Javier Shaw
header-style: text
tags:
- beautiful words
---
### Part I<hr>
1. Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?

2. Would you like to be famous? In what way?

3. Before you making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?

4. What would constitute a "perfect" day for you?

5. When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?

6. If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retrain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of you life,
which would you want?

7. Do you have as secret hunch about you will die?

8. Name three things your and your partner appear to have in common.

9. For what in your lif do you feel most grateful?

10. If you could change anything about the way you were raise, what would it be?

11. Take four minutes and tell your partner your life story in as much detail as possible.

12. If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?

### Part II<hr/>
13. If a crystal ball could tell the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?

14. Is there something that you've dreamed of dong for a long time? Why haven't you done it?

15. What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?

16. What do you value most in a friendship?

17. What is your most treasured memory?

18. What is your most terrible memory?

19. If you knew that one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?

20. What does friendship mean to you?

21. What roles do love an affection play in your life?

22. Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your partner. Share a total of five items. 

23. Show close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people's? 

24. How do you fell about your relationship with your mother? 

### Part III<hr/>
25. Make three true "we" statements each, For instance, "We are both in this room feeling..."

26. Complete this sentence :"I wish I had someone with whom I could share ..."

27. If you were going to become a close friend with you partner, please share what would be important fro him or her to know.

28. Tell your partner what you like about them; be very hones thi time, saying thing that you might not say to some you've just met.

29. Share with you partner an embarrassing moment in life.

30. When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?

31. Tell your partner something that you like about them already.

32. What, if anything, if too serious to be joked about?

33. If you were to die this evening with no opportunity tom communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not have told someone? Why haven't you told them yet?

34. You house, containing you own, catches fire. After saving you loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save anyone item. What would it be? Why?

35. Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing? Why?

36. Share a personal problem and ask your partner's advice on how he or she might handle it. Also, ask your partner to reflect back to you how you seem to be feeling about the problem you have chosen.